I am the proud mother of two teenage boys.  David is 18 years old and recently graduated from high school.  He studied carpentry and will be continuing his education with a local technical school.  Kevin is 17 years old and is entering his senior year.  Kevin has always wanted to play professional baseball from the time he threw his first ball.  Kevin is the starting catcher on the varsity baseball team.  At this time, Kevin is unsure what his field of study will be after high school.

I was fortunate enough to stay at home with my boys when they were young.  Once Kevin started first grade, I entered the workforce after raising my children for seven years.  I found an opportunity to work in school health which allowed me to be home when my children were out of school.  After 4 years in school health, my youngest sister and her good friend were looking for a daycare for their kids.  I hated to see the kids being raised by people they didn't know.  My husband and I talked about it and I made the decision to leave my job and take care of the three kids.  I enjoyed caring for my nephews while helping my sister and her friend out.  Within a few months, my husband was not feeling well.  He went to the doctor, had some blood tests done and an x-ray of his abdomen.  The test results would change our lives forever and threw my husband into the fight of his life.  He lost his battle with Pancreatic Cancer 9 months later.  The year following his death was quite a struggle.

The thoughts of finding a new job was very scary.  I was fortunate to be hired back to my old job, working with the principal who shared our journey with us.  The support that I had with the staff has been amazing.  As much as I enjoyed my job and the people I worked with, it was time to find something that would put me in a better position financially.  I gave much thought as to what I wanted to do.  One of my coworkers mentioned something to me about computer coding and that a friend of hers ran a coding bootcamp.  I had no idea what computer coding meant.  I did some research and played a little bit on a couple of free websites.  As it turns out, computer coding seemed to be a good fit and I was having fun.  This is what lead me to We Can Code It and the beginning of a new chapter in this game of life.

When I put my mind to something, I don't stop until I have reached my goal.  My goal through all of this is to learn as much as I can in and out of class.  Networking with many people and continuing to learn new skills will be very important for my success.  I look forward to being among the new generation of females in technology.